Update Web_Issues_Support_Assistant.md (#4739)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: user-guide/Troubleshooting/Procedures/Web_Issues_Support_Assistant.md

## Installing the extension

To add the DataMiner Web Support Assistant extension to your Chromium browser:

> 1. Open [this link](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/dataminer-web-support-ass/nofmcbgpolhjblmafpfbffjnganhapge) and click *Download*.

Reviewer: I've just tested this, and in Google Chrome (which I suspect most people will be using), this button is "Add to Chrome", not "Download", so I think this replacement could cause some confusion. Perhaps we could rephrase this so it works regardless of which Chromium browser exactly is used?
```suggestion
1. Open [this link](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/dataminer-web-support-ass/nofmcbgpolhjblmafpfbffjnganhapge) and click the button to deploy the extension.
```
